Merge kit logistics docs (#35)
srobo/runbook: docs/kit/logistics/logistics-software.md

---
original:
  authors: Richard Barlow
  url: https://srobo-legacy.gitbooks.io/student-robotics-kit-logistics/logistics-software.html
---
# Logistics Software

To fulfil the multitude of responsibilities, the Kit Logistics Coordinator uses various pieces of custom software. The software projects used and maintained by the Kit Logistics Coordinator are listed below.

## Software Projects

> | Name | Project URL | Notes |

Reviewer: Formatting here is somewhat nasty.

Author: 782420c improves this a bit, but I think the main limitation is markdown. I'm not aware of a syntax which allows wrapping within a column, which is what's really needed to make this good.

| --------------- | ----------- | ----- |

> | Inventory Tools | [https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/tools.git/](https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/tools.git/) | This project currently contains a mishmash of tools. The Inventory tools need teasing out. See https://srtools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/inventory/ for details of the inventory related commands |

Reviewer 2: `sr.tools` now exists on GitHub, so we should probably point to that one

```suggestion
| Inventory Tools | [https://github.com/srobo/tools/](https://github.com/srobo/tools/) | This project currently contains a mishmash of tools. The Inventory tools need teasing out. See https://srtools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/inventory/ for details of the inventory related commands |
```
